##Introduction

AI Machine Learning is the discipline of getting computers to learn the relationship between inputs and outputs in order to make intelligent predictions. For example, in the case of this project the 79 housing features are inputs, and the sale price is the output. A successful outcome in this case is to train a machine learning model that learns the relationships between many different features and a sale price, and uses that learning to make reasonably good predictions on the price of houses it has never seen before. This information could then be used to inform buyers and real estate brokers. 

Machine learning can make predictions on many types of data, which are grouped as either structured or unstructured data. Both are extremely common in modern practice, in business and in personal life. Unstructured data is that which can't be arranged into a table format, like pictures, text, audio, and video files (which will make for a good project after this one). Structured data is that which can be arranged into a clean, simple table with rows and columns. The Ames Iowa Housing Price dataset used for this project is structured data. 

Machine learning can also be used to make different types of predictions, which are grouped as either supervised learning, or unsupervised learning. Unsupervised learning, which is less common but still very useful, is when we humans don't tell the machine learning algorithm what to look for, and we let it detect whatever patterns it notices, which we then can label and study further. Supervised learning, on the other hand, is when we humans know what the "right" answer is,  we tell it to the machine learning algorithm, and it learns how to predict the right answer by learning the relationship between the inputs and the outputs. The difference between computer programming and machine learning is that in classical programming, humans give computers the instructions to make decisions, while in machine learning, humans give computers the inputs and outputs, and let the computer work to figure out the exact 'instructions' to get to the right answer. This vastly multiplies the complexity of decisions computers can make.

Because we know what the sale prices are and will be telling them to the model during training, this project deals with supervised learning. Supervised learning is further broken down into two types called classification and regression. Classification deals with predicting from a limited number of categories like "bad", "good", "excellent", "cat", "dog", "human", "positive", "negative", "spam", "not spam", "happy", "unhappy", "at fault", "not at fault", and any number of others that can be imagined. Regression, on the other hand, deals with predicting a number from an unlimited range of numbers, and correctness is measured by how close the predictions are to the exact single target. For example, in the case of this project there are an infinite number of prices that can be predicted for a house, and predictions are scored by how close they are rather than getting the exact value or not.

All of this affects which machine learning models can be used for this project. Given the type of data (Structured), and the target outputs being labelled (Supervised), and the predictions being an unlimited range of numbers (Regression) instead of a fixed number of classes, a Regression model is the correct choice for meeting the objective. 

The housing data will be preprocessed for use by a regression model, and then the model will be imported and trained on a subset of 80% of the housing data, and then predictions on the other 20% will be made and evaluated. After this, experimentation will follow to see if those predictions can be improved.


